Add generic user workflow docs (#497)
mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng: docs/load-test-how-to-use.md

    - If you see errors, there's a [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/faq.md#troubleshooting) you can reference to resolve the issues.
    - Check `ltagent.log` located in the `mattermost-load-test-ng` directory, and the server logs for details on errors, if any.
    - We highly recommend becoming familiar with additional sections of documentation, including [using load-test agent API server](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md#running-a-load-test-through-the-load-test-agent-api-server) and [using load-test coordinator](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md#running-a-load-test-through-the-coordinator), since the Terraform deployment uses the latter method to execute the load-tests, and it'll be easier to debug the setup if you understand these underlying concepts and principles.

> #### Testing changes in terraform

Author: In retrospect, I've removed the following line and updated the goals with the suggestion above.

# Load test notes

## Prerequisites for load-testing a new feature

 - Build and test a feature in a mattermost-server branch.

>  - Scan through markdown docs in [mattermost-load-test-ng](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/tree/master/docs). Make sure you get an idea of what a coordinator, agent, and controller are, what bounded and unbounded load-tests are, and why metrics collection(a deployment of prometheus) is needed in this setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Scan through markdown docs in [mattermost-load-test-ng](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/tree/master/docs). Make sure you get an idea of what a coordinator, agent, and controller are, what bounded and unbounded load-tests are, and why metrics collection (a deployment of prometheus) is needed in this setup.
```

 - Go through [local_loadtest.md](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md).
 - Some additional information on the above document
    - Updates to `config.json`
        - Make sure to change `ConnectionConfiguration` section in `config.json` according to the local deployment of mattermost-server.
        - For `InstanceConfiguration`, see [this doc](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/loadtest_config.md#instanceconfiguration). This configuration setting is used by the `init` command to initially populate the mattermost database.
    - Increase the frequency of the new action, so it's easier to debug while running locally. [sample](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/8faa4dfb485dace3bd65908c0d3d98979b7dfd17/loadtest/control/simulcontroller/controller.go#L227)
    - If you see errors, there's a [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/faq.md#troubleshooting) you can reference to resolve the issues.
    - Check `ltagent.log` located in the `mattermost-load-test-ng` directory, and the server logs for details on errors, if any.

>     - We highly recommend becoming familiar with additional sections of documentation, including [using load-test agent API server](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md#running-a-load-test-through-the-load-test-agent-api-server) and [using load-test coordinator](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md#running-a-load-test-through-the-coordinator), since the Terraform deployment uses the latter method to execute the load-tests, and it'll be easier to debug the setup if the you understand these underlying concepts and principles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - We highly recommend becoming familiar with additional sections of documentation, including [using load-test agent API server](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md#running-a-load-test-through-the-load-test-agent-api-server) and [using load-test coordinator](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md#running-a-load-test-through-the-coordinator), since the Terraform deployment uses the latter method to execute the load-tests, and it'll be easier to debug the setup if you understand these underlying concepts and principles.
```

#### Testing changes in terraform

Loadtest instances created with this framework achieve the same goals as mentioned above, only some of the things like creating a deployment, running a loadtest, etc. are automated.

The steps to load-test a new feature in production, after testing new actions locally, includes the following:

 - Review the [terraform_loadtest.md](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md) documentation.
 - Some additional information on the above document
    - When performing [this](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#copy-and-modify-the-required-configuration) step, edit `MattermostLicenseFile` value to the path containing the license.

>         - The fields `MattermostDownloadURL` and `LoadTestDownloadURL` point to the latest `mattermost-server`, and `load-test package`, to be used in the load-test.
>         - That's the default option, when there's unmerged changes to `mattermost-server`, or `mattermost-load-test-ng`.

Reviewer 2: These two lines read a bit weird to me. Is this what you mean?
```suggestion
        - The fields `MattermostDownloadURL` and `LoadTestDownloadURL` point to the latest `mattermost-server`, and `load-test package`, to be used in the load-test. These are the default options.
        - When there's unmerged changes to `mattermost-server`, or `mattermost-load-test-ng`, you need to update these values:
```

            - Run `make build-linux` in the `mattermost-server` directory, change the `MattermostDownloadURL` value to the path containing the Mattermost executable. For example `file:///somepath/mattermost-server/bin/linux_amd64/mattermost`.
            - Run `make package` in the `mattermost-load-test-ng` directory, change `LoadTestDownloadURL` value to the path containing the gzip of the load-test package. For example `file:///somepath/mattermost-load-test-ng/dist/v1.5.0-8-gd4f18cf/mattermost-load-test-ng-v1.5.0-8-gd4f18cf-linux-amd64.tar.gz`.
    - Edit `SSHPublicKey` in `deployer.json` after setting up ssh.
    - `go run ./cmd/ltctl deployment create`

>         - Limit operations of `deployment` to a single shell window.

Reviewer 2: Why do we need to limit operations of `deployment` to a single window?

Author: Thanks for catching this, will remove this. This isn't true, since commands get stuck because of other reasons.

>         - If the deployment gets stuck, [check if AWS credentials are expired, and add new ones.](https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/weau31yyp38btddryjuxbsnh1r).

Reviewer 2: :tada:

    - Once the deployment is successful, stdout will contain information on server addresses for app server, agent, coordinator, and Grafana deployments.
        - Open the Mattermost URL in browser to confirm the app is working.
        - At this point, you can check the server logs by [ssh-ing](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#ssh-access-to-the-terraformed-hosts) into the app instance. Once there, open `/opt/mattermost/logs/mattermost.log`.
    - Gearing up to start the load-test:
        - Use `agents'` URL and Prometheus URL in the `coordinator.json` file generated [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#copy-default-config).
        - Change `ConnectionConfiguration` in the `config.json` generated [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#copy-default-config-1).

>         - Configure `InstanceConfiguration` in the same `config.json` file (which, as mentioned earlier, populates the Mattermost server's database with required data for the load test). Note that a heavier config with `NumPosts` would take a very long time get populated. Please refer to the [NB](/#nb) section below to manually populate the database from a backup, in order to bypass 'data-generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Configure `InstanceConfiguration` in the same `config.json` file (which, as mentioned earlier, populates the Mattermost server's database with required data for the load test). Note that a heavier config with `NumPosts` would take a very long time get populated. Please refer to the [NB](/#nb) section below to manually populate the database from a backup, in order to bypass 'data-generation`.
```

>         - Configure `InstanceConfiguration` in the same `config.json` file (which, as mentioned earlier, populates the Mattermost server's database with required data for the load test). Note that a heavier config with `NumPosts` would take a very long time get populated. Please refer to the [NB](/#nb) section below to manually populate the database from a backup, in order to bypass 'data-generation.

Reviewer 2: I did not do this in my tests :eyes: Is this needed, @streamer45?

Reviewer 3: If you use the mostly automated approach through Terraform there's no need to set URLs as they are generated by the deployer. But if you want to test something locally (or on some pre-existing installation) you'll have to change those.

Author: Do you think I should change anything here, or remove the instructions?

Reviewer 2: I'd say that we can just remove these instructions altogether, since this section is to run an automated Terraform deployment, right, @plant99? I have a ticket to document how to load-test an existing deployment https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-45947, so we can cover that there. Thoughts?

Author: Agreed, fixed this.

    
    - Start the load test with `go run ./cmd/ltctl loadtest start`.
        - Once a loadtest is running, its status can be checked with `go run ./cmd/ltctl loadtest status`.
        - `ssh` into one of the agent machines, and `cat ~/mattermost-load-test-ng/logs/ltagent.log` to verify the load-test is working without errors.
        - Open the Grafana deployment with the URL from `go run ./cmd/ltctl deployment info`. 

>         - It takes some time for the deployment to stabilize. When the loadtest tool connects the `MaxActiveUsers` count of users to the app, there might be a big count of HTTP 4xx errors during this time.

Reviewer 2: Should this be `Until`? cc/ @cwarnermm For context, Carrie: the big count of 4xx errors happen from the beginning of the test until all the users have been connected (this is the ramp-up phase, and then all those users stay connected until the end of the test, without more users added).

```suggestion
        - It takes some time for the deployment to stabilize. Until the loadtest tool connects the `MaxActiveUsers` count of users to the app, there might be a big count of HTTP 4xx errors during this time.
```

            
            A sample error count vs time graph: ![error-vs-time](https://i.imgur.com/RSH1Szl.png)
    
    - "My load test is running, now what?"

>         - If it's a [bounded](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/497554e376ef23d548947bf331c8bdce6ce453d6/docs/faq.md#what-is-a-bounded-load-test) loadtest, it has to be manually stopped with `go run ./cmd/ltctl loadtest stop` [after an hour](https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/45woi49ru7yrj8r8upzaqhog3a).

Reviewer 2: We can be a bit more specific here:
```suggestion
        - If it's a [bounded](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/497554e376ef23d548947bf331c8bdce6ce453d6/docs/faq.md#what-is-a-bounded-load-test) loadtest, it has to be manually stopped with `go run ./cmd/ltctl loadtest stop` [one hour after the number of users connected stabilized](https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/45woi49ru7yrj8r8upzaqhog3a).
```

 - Create a database (to be used by Mattermost servers).
 - Deploy Mattermost servers - let's call them app servers for convenience.
 - Create 'agent' machines to ping app servers using [controllers](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/tree/61c44f35224b76d3098199b0cd2b67db2222b549/loadtest/control).
 - Populate a database, then start app servers and agents (i.e., loadtest).
 - Collect metrics from app servers and agent deployments to either manage an unbounded load test or analyze API performance after the load-test completes.

#### Creating a PR

After all the code changes:
 - [Add tests](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/coverage.md#testing) if required. 
 - Run `make check-style`.
 - `go get -u github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/v6@<commit-hash-in-master>` && `go mod tidy`
 - Create the PR.

#### Note:

 - **For populating the database manually** :
    - [InstanceConfiguration](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/loadtest_config.md#instanceconfiguration) section would be as minimal as possible to reduce `db init` time.

>     - Post a message in the [Developers:Performance](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers-performance) channel to request a migration file.

Reviewer 2: I'll file a ticket to make this more automatic, it should be more public.

>     - If you're using [comparision](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/comparison.md), there is [an option to load db from a backup](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/comparison_config.md#dbdumpurl). If not,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If you're using [comparison](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/comparison.md), there is [an option to load db from a backup](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/comparison_config.md#dbdumpurl). If not,
```

>         - `ssh` into the app machine, and `psql` into the connected database.

Reviewer 2: We can specify here that the DB endpoint can be obtained with `ltctl deployment info`.

# Load test notes

## Prerequisites for load-testing a new feature

 - Build and test a feature in a mattermost-server branch.
 - Scan through markdown docs in [mattermost-load-test-ng](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng). Make sure you get an idea of what a coordinator, agent, controller, bounded and unbounded load-test is, and why do we need metrics collection(a deployment of prometheus) in this setup.

## Steps to load test the feature

### Brief summary of tasks

This would include
 - Writing new load testing actions to mattermost-load-test-ng
 - Testing the changes locally.
 - Testing the changes in terraform: its purpose is to load-test under a heavier load/dataset.
 - Analyse load-test results
 - Getting the changes merged to load-test repository, so the release-manager can test the same changes for unexpected behaviors during the upcoming releases.

### Detailed summary of tasks

#### Writing new load testing code

 - Go through [coverage.md](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/coverage.md#implementation-overview), make a list of changes needed to load-test the new feature.

>  - Optionally check out [this video walkthrough](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l462zMdANwCRXUtj7nnHv2CX_6BiINHl/view) by @claudio.costa

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Optionally check out [this video walkthrough](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l462zMdANwCRXUtj7nnHv2CX_6BiINHl/view) by @streamer45 
```

 - Make the necessary changes in `loadtest/`

#### Testing changes locally

 - Go through [local_loadtest.md](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md)
 - Some additional information on the above document

>     - In step where configs are copied from samples, `simplecontroller.json` doesn't have to be generated since by default the `config.json` uses a `simulative` controller. <!-- docfix -->

Author: Yes. I'll propose that change in this PR as well.

    - updates to `config.json`
        - Make sure to change `ConnectionConfiguration` section in config.json according to the local deployment of mattermost-server.
        - `InstanceConfiguration` refers to [doc](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/loadtest_config.md#instanceconfiguration), this is used by `init` command later to initially populate mattermost database.
    - increase frequency of the new action, so its easier to debug while running locally. [sample](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/8faa4dfb485dace3bd65908c0d3d98979b7dfd17/loadtest/control/simulcontroller/controller.go#L227)

>     - Expect some failures in [running-a-basic-loadtest](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/local_loadtest.md#running-a-basic-load-test), if one sees > 10-15 error logs, there's a [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/faq.md#troubleshooting).

Author: Correct, this was an issue with my personal setup, but unfortunately I forgot to keep track of error logs. Some weren't in troubleshooting guide. Let's wait for others to highlight them, so we can add to troubleshooting guide.

#### Testing changes in terraform

Even without the framework, a general load-test workflow in the cloud will be similar to the following.

 - Create a database (to be used by mattermost servers)
 - Create deployments of mattermost servers - let's call them app servers for convenience.
 - Create 'agent' machines to ping app-servers using [controllers](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/tree/61c44f35224b76d3098199b0cd2b67db2222b549/loadtest/control)
 - Populate database, and start app, agents (i.e loadtest)
 - Collect metrics from app, and agent deployments to either,
    - manage an unbounded load test

>     - analyse api performance after the load-test completes.

Reviewer 4: I think all this is good information but maybe makes more sense at the bottom in another section called something like "Test changes in the cloud without terraform". What do you think?

Loadtest instances created with this framework achieve the same goals as mentioned above, only some of the things like creating a deployment, running a loadtest, etc. are automated.

Following are some steps to load-test a new feature in production, after testing new actions locally.

 - Go through [terraform_loadtest.md](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md)
 - Some additional information on the above document
    - AWS credentials are to be fetched from [onelogin](https://mattermost.onelogin.com/) and [added to terraform config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs). <!-- docfix -->

>     - Enterprise license is to be fetched from [Developers:private](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/core-developers) <!-- docfix;  https://github.com/mattermost/enterprise/pull/1208 -->

Author: Yes, now the PR is merged. I'll remove this comment.

>     - When performing [this](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#copy-and-modify-the-required-configuration) step, edit `MattermostLicenseFile` value to the path containing the license.

Author: Thanks Carrie, I'll keep this in mind.

        - The fields `MattermostDownloadURL` and `LoadTestDownloadURL` point to the latest mattermost-server, and load-test package respectively to be used in the load-test.
        - That's the default option, when there's unmerged changes to `mattermost-server`, or `mattermost-load-test-ng`

>             - `make build-linux` in `mattermost-server` directory, change `MattermostDownloadURL` value to the path containing mattermost executable. For example `file:///somepath/mattermost-server/bin/linux_amd64/mattermost`

Author: Hi @cwarnermm , regarding this and the next suggestion, `make build-linux` is the command to be run in `mattermost-server` directory in the terminal. Could you please modify the suggestion accordingly? Something like:
 
> Run `make build-linux`....

I will make this change in the 2 comments and ask for review again.

            - `make package` in `mattermost-load-test-ng` directory, change `LoadTestDownloadURL` value to the path containing gzip of load-test package. For example `file:///somepath/mattermost-load-test-ng/dist/v1.5.0-8-gd4f18cf/mattermost-load-test-ng-v1.5.0-8-gd4f18cf-linux-amd64.tar.gz`
    - Edit `SSHPublicKey` in deployer.json after setting up ssh.
    - `go run ./cmd/ltctl deployment create`

>         <!-- devfix; anything to do with deployment spawns zombie processes if the command is cancelled with a shell interruption. Further ltctl deployment commands don't work, so one has to restart the computer before starting again. Haven't tried to kill the processes manually.-->

Author: https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/u49ya4pybby9tyde54qxw198ey This conversation reached at a conclusion that this happens due to expired credentials.  I'll update this line accordingly.

        - Limit operations of `deployment` to a single shell window.

>         - If the deployment gets stuck, check for `ps -ef | grep terraform`, if there are running processes, restart the computer and start again.

Reviewer 5: I am not sure why you would need to restart the computer. If the deployment gets stuck, we can try to run the same command again, or destroy it.

Author: Hi @agnivade , it was this thread: https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/u49ya4pybby9tyde54qxw198ey

I've updated instructions accordingly.

>         - [Terraform actions are idempotent](https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/jtebkneah3futd1y7pj8y9nrqy), so one would rarely have to [destroy](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#destroy-the-current-deployment) the deployment, if things go wrong while creating resources.

Reviewer: @plant99 ^ this is a great example of how to add link text with context for the reader!

>     - Once the deployment gets created successfully, stdout will have information on server addresses for app, agent, coordinator, and Grafana deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Once the deployment is successful, stdout will contain information on server addresses for app server, agent, coordinator, and Grafana deployments.
```

        - Open the mattermost URL in browser to check if the app is working as required.

>         - At this point, one might check the server logs by [ssh-ing](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#ssh-access-to-the-terraformed-hosts) into the app instance. Once in there, open `/opt/mattermost/logs/mattermost.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - At this point, you can check the server logs by [ssh-ing](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#ssh-access-to-the-terraformed-hosts) into the app instance. Once there, open `/opt/mattermost/logs/mattermost.log`.
```

>     - Gearing up to start the load-test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Gearing up to start the load-test:
```

>         - Use `agents'` URL and Prometheus URL in the `coordinator.json` file generated [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#copy-default-config)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Use `agents'` URL and Prometheus URL in the `coordinator.json` file generated [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#copy-default-config).
```

>         - Change `ConnectionConfiguration` in the `config.json` generated [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#copy-default-config-1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Change `ConnectionConfiguration` in the `config.json` generated [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/terraform_loadtest.md#copy-default-config-1).
```

>         - Configure `InstanceConfiguration` in the same `config.json` (which as mentioned earlier, creates the seeds mm-server's database with required data for the loadtest). Note that a heavier config with `NumPosts` would take a very long time get seeded. Please refer to the [NB](/#nb) section below to manually seed the database from a backup, in order to bypass 'data-generation.

Reviewer: Convert this NB to a Note.

        - If it's an [unbounded](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/497554e376ef23d548947bf331c8bdce6ce453d6/docs/faq.md#what-is-an-unbounded-load-test) loadtest, the load-test will finish with a stdout listing the maximum concurrent users the deployment supports. The load-test status check command will say status as `Done` when it's complete.

#### Analysing load-test results

"My load tests ran successfully, what to make of it?"
    - In case of unbounded load-tests, when they finish, `go run ./cmd/ltctl loadtest status` would give you a count of maximum concurrent users which is a metric to compare the performance of that version of mattermost-server.
    - In case of two bounded loadtests with same `MaxConcurrentUsers` count, one can [generate a report](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/compare.md) comparing performance of various server metrics. 
    <!-- devfix: should we allow comparision of specific store and api functions? -->

>     - In case of both bounded and unbounded loadtests, one can create grafana dashboards to analyze performances of the new features by filtering api metrics relevant to the new handler. Here's an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In case of both bounded and unbounded loadtests, one can create Grafana dashboards to analyze the performance of the new features by filtering API metrics to only what's relevant to the new handler. Here's an example.
```

        ![sample-dashboard-creation](https://i.imgur.com/zzRfh8b.png)

#### Creating a PR

> After all the code changes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all the code changes:
```

 - [Add tests](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/coverage.md#testing) if required. 

>  - `make check-style`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Run `make check-style`.
```

 - `go get -u github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/v6@<commit-hash-in-master>` && `go mod tidy`

>  - Make the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Create the PR.
```

> #### NB:

Author: Will change this.

>  - **For seeding the database manually** :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **To seed the database manually** :
```

Reviewer: I suggested "populate" in one comment, but I have no objection to "seed" instead if it's a term that the target audience for this documentation understands.

Author: I'll change it to populate, it's surely the more popular word.

    - [InstanceConfiguration](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/docs/loadtest_config.md#instanceconfiguration) section would be as minimal as possible to reduce `db init` time.

>     - Message in [Developers:Performance](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers-performance) for a migration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Post a message in the [Developers:Performance](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/developers-performance) channel to request a migration file.
```

    - `ssh` into the app machine, and `psql` into the connected database.
    - Drop all tables, log out of psql. Run the migration, which might take a while. <!-- This might not be necessary, I faced some primary id collision issue while restoring from sql. If someone can confirm it's redundance, we'll delete this instruction.-->

>     - Now, the app service needs to be restarted so the server can run the necessary migrations.

Reviewer 5: This is only needed if you are seeding it manually. In an automated comparison, you can just mention the backup file location in https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/blob/master/config/comparison.sample.json, and the tool will automatically restore the backup.

Otherwise for a manual restore, we don't need to `psql` into the database. We can just do `zcat <backupfile> | psql <dsn>` after dropping the target DB.

Author: This is nice. I didn't discover `comparision` when I was working with this, but I will modify the docs and ask for a re-review.

>     - `ssh` into app-instance(s) and run `sudo systemctl restart mattermost && until $(curl -sSf http://localhost:8065 --output /dev/null); do sleep 1; done;`

Reviewer 5: We have already ssh'd into the instance in step 3.

>  - **If the feature is behind a feature flag**: [link to Claudio's message to add environment variables to app-service](https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/honr5se45f8etpwexgmi9qbe5a)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **If the feature is behind a feature flag**: [see Claudio's message to add environment variables to app-service](https://community.mattermost.com/core/pl/honr5se45f8etpwexgmi9qbe5a).
```

Reviewer: @plant99 - Is this update outstanding?

Author: Oh no, it's done. https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng/pull/497/files#diff-f0934866fbe094513fe77bfe4a2264a4ac98143837c7355b13d11e66f5cf0607R115
